feat(Apple): update getting started and feature pages (#10271)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/index.mdx

> On this page, we get you up and running with Sentry's Apple SDK, automatically reporting errors and exceptions in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, we get you up and running with Sentry's Apple SDK, which will automatically report errors and exceptions in your application.
```

<Note>

If you don't already have an account and Sentry project established, head over to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io/signup/), then return to this page.

</Note>

<PlatformSection supported={["apple.visionos"]}>

<Alert level="info" title="Experimental Support">

> The support for [visionOS](https://developer.apple.com/visionos/) is currently experimental.
> Experimental support means it may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The support for [visionOS](https://developer.apple.com/visionos/) is currently experimental, which means it may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
```

> 
> </Alert>
> 
> </PlatformSection>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application's runtime. These are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.

</Alert>

</PlatformSection>
```

Author: is this intentional? I feel it still makes sense to show this for all platforms and outside of the alert

## Install

> <OnboardingOptionButtons
>   options={[
>     'error-monitoring',
>     'performance',
>     'profiling',
>   ]}
> />
> 
> Sentry captures data by using an SDK within your application's runtime. These are platform-specific and allow Sentry to have a deep understanding of how your application works.
> 
> <PlatformSection notSupported={["apple.ios"]}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<OnboardingOptionButtons
  options={[
    'error-monitoring',
    'performance',
    'profiling',
  ]}
/>

In addition to capturing errors, you can monitor interactions between multiple services or applications by [enabling tracing](https://docs.sentry.io/concepts/key-terms/tracing/). You can also collect and analyze performance profiles from real users with [profiling](https://docs.sentry.io/product/profiling/). To enable tracing and/or profiling, click the corresponding checkmarks to get the code snippets.

<PlatformSection notSupported={["apple.ios"]}>
```

We recommend installing the SDK with Swift Package Manager (SPM), but we also support alternate [installation methods](install/). To integrate Sentry into your Xcode project, open your App in Xcode and open **File > Add Packages**. Then add the SDK by entering the git repo url in the top right search field:

```
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa.git
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["apple.ios"]}>
We recommend installing the SDK through our [Sentry Wizard](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard) by running the following command inside your project directory:

```bash
brew install getsentry/tools/sentry-wizard && sentry-wizard -i ios
```

> This will patch your project and configure the SDK. You only need to patch the project once, then you can add the patched files to your version control system.
> If you prefer, you can also [set up the SDK manually](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/) or follow the instructions below to adapt the [configuration](#configure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will patch your project and configure the SDK. You'll only need to patch the project once, then you'll be able to add the patched files to your version control system.
If you prefer, you can also [set up the SDK manually](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/) or follow the instructions below to adapt the [configuration](#configure).
```

<Expandable title="The following tasks will be performed by the Sentry Wizard">

- Install the Sentry SDK via Swift Package Manager or Cocoapods
- Update your `AppDelegate` or SwiftUI App Initializer with the default Sentry configuration and an example error
- Add a new `Upload Debug Symbols` phase to your `xcodebuild` build script
- Create `.sentryclirc` with an auth token to upload debug symbols (this file is automatically added to `.gitignore`)

> - When you're using Fastlane, it will add a Sentry lane for uploading debug symbols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're using Fastlane, a lane for uploading debug symbols will be added to Sentry
```

        // Sample rate for profiling, applied on top of TracesSampleRate.
        // We recommend adjusting this value in production.
        options.profilesSampleRate = @1.0;
    }];

    return YES;
}
```

```swift {tabTitle:SwiftUI with App conformer} {"onboardingOptions": {"performance": "9-12", "profiling": "13-16"}}
import Sentry

@main
struct SwiftUIApp: App {
    init() {
        SentrySDK.start { options in
            options.dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___"
            options.debug = true // Enabled debug when first installing is always helpful

            // Set tracesSampleRate to 1.0 to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
            // We recommend adjusting this value in production.
            options.tracesSampleRate = 1.0

            // Sample rate for profiling, applied on top of TracesSampleRate.
            // We recommend adjusting this value in production.
            options.profilesSampleRate = 1.0
        }
    }
}
```

## Verify

Verify that your app is sending events to Sentry by adding the following snippet, which includes an intentional error. You should see the error reported in Sentry within a few minutes.

<Note>

> To verify crashes, ensure you run your application without a debugger attached. Otherwise, the SDK will not capture the crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify crashes, ensure you run your application without a debugger attached. Otherwise, the SDK won't capture the crash.
```
